preparing a v0.2.1 release (#41)
hashicorp/hcp-scada-provider: CHANGELOG.md

# Changelog
This file will contain all notable changes to this repository. Any new releases with changes will be documented here.

## 0.2.1 (January 11 2023)
Minor maintenance release.

### Fixed

> - Two of the accessors (`LastError` & `SessionStatus`) had a datarace

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Two of the accessors (`LastError` & `SessionStatus`) had a data race
```

## 0.2.0 (October 28 2022)

### Changed
- Updated `net-rpc-msgpackrp` to `v2` to address a diamond dependency problem for projects importing hcp-scada-provider and an older version of hashicorp/go-msgpack

> ## 0.2.1 (January 11 2023)

Reviewer 2: Do you want to add the latest one on top followed by other versions below? See consul as an example: https://github.com/hashicorp/consul/blob/main/CHANGELOG.md
